https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dQw4w9WgXcQ ; Rick Roll
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fC7oUOUEEi4 ; get stick bugged lol
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NUYvbT6vTPs ; Cat Vibing to Ievan Polkka
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Bknodg6X-z8 ; how to excel
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WEWG6kSYqlY ; lock the taskbar
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5sNuDu4dE8Y ; Blinding lights (Cat cover)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sDj72zqZakE ; Waffle falling over
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wAUK9hVgmNI ; nyoooooooooooom
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UcRtFYAz2Yo ; dance till youre dead
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XMIXArF5sSU ; cat horn vine
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LDU_Txk06tM ; Crab rave
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YrEr9Z0LUtA ; pet crab eating chips
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sIlNIVXpIns ; look at this graph
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ihpG_NJ_T1g ; fox news bear encounter
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EcLPNGLRHU8 ; well, when Life gives you lemons
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6AYv6rV3NXE ; road work ahead
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=D-UmfqFjpl0 ; Dog of Wisdom
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s_k3Buaj2tA ; Flying Lawnmower
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=unqEKgeSUAk ; Chip Reader
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=J---aiyznGQ ; Keyboard Cat
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LVyOWbrxjHM ; Bongo Cat
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LZgeIReY04c ; Never Illegally Download
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jLO1CPYv0hc ; Oh My God Rhino
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QZShA_a-5r8 ; Costumed person drums
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_Kj3Deu0bU4 ; Dancing Dog - Shooting Stars
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2BS3oePljr8 ; Usher ft. Kermit
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-tkJRkjDn_8 ; red dress chicken vine
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gSsJBO2JUO4 ; got legs?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=79Y6Q47qjlw ; All Star - Smashmouth (Melon cover)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ouvbGS9S-ks ; Airbag
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bTS9XaoQ6mg ; chess king sacrifice
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jCNNNv7AAYk ; Darude - Sandstorm (Boomwhacker)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Y5MIr9k_dPA ; YouTube, dont recommend this video
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aa9JH_iUSzg ; Home Alone with the First Order
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jmaUIyvy8E8 ; do i look like i know what a jpeg is
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Le0uVL1Bbgw ; penguins
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Zljgcc-RnFA ; cat with a bag
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0MGhovUxCaM ; cool american alligator
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SznwJD8Q0yg ; interior crocodile alligator
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hhtOHeAmCbs ; hedgehog
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GKNB7Eid-ek ; yoshi gecko
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CH4A5hfZgzM ; We'll be right back!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=k-cavEKkirc ; it's an avocado.. thanks